1. What is the IANA ID of the registrar of the inlanefreight.com domain?
whois inlanefreight.com

2. What http server software is powering the inlanefreight.htb site on the target system? Respond with the name of the software, not the version, e.g., Apache.

add the ip and inlanefreight.htb to /etc/hosts
then 
then curl -i ip:port 
or can use finalrecon.py (guide to install is on the automated recon page of this module)
use ./finalrecon.py inlanefreight.htb:port
the headers section will show the http server version

3. What is the API key in the hidden admin directory that you have discovered on the target system?
Here, first you have to find another vhost , so you scan the inlanefreight.htb vhost with gobuster using a wordlist to find the existence of a vhost.

gosbuster vhost -u http://inlanefreight.htb:port -w /usr/share/seclists/Discovery/DNS/subdomains-top1million.txt -t 500 --timeout 30s (note you must use inlanefreight.tb instead of it's ip here, or it wont find anything

this finds another vhost, add it to etc/hosts

do another finalrecon full

./finalrecon.py -u web1337.inlanefreighthtb:port --full

this shows now we have index.html dir againb ut also robots.txt
inside robots.txt is the hidden directory we look for.
navigate to it for the API key. 

4. After crawling the inlanefreight.htb domain on the target system, what is the email address you have found? Respond with the full email, e.g., mail@inlanefreight.htb.

It turns out vhosts can have vhosts... And again you have to just find this with gobuster kinda randomly
Add dev.web1337.inlanefreight.htb to the hosts again /etc/hosts
I checked for more vhosts, none, this is the last vhost

We can find oen internal link with finalrecon.py diretory enumeration, but it just goes to seemingly endless clickable links to other indexes with 3 random numbers
the question mentions crawlign, I installed ReconSpider following the instructions in crawlers section of this module

`python3 ReconSpider.py dev.web1337.inlanefreight.htb:port 

then `cat results.json
the email field contains the address for answer of this question

The new API for question part 5 is also here, in the comments field of the json
